PROFESSIONAL PROFILE: I am a Senior Business Intelligence Consultant with 21 years of work experience. I am an expert in Agile Coaching, teambuilding, event facilitation, problem and risk resolution and creative design thinking solutions.

I have implemented and managed multiple development projects with Scrum and SaFE frameworks, always in CI/CD mode.
I´m a Certified Scrum Master PSM1 & Professional Agile Leader PAL1 . 
I hold a Master in Big Data project management focused on: digital marketing, e-commerce, SEO/SEM, project management and ETL processes, Coaching and NLP. I hold two Executive international MBAs.

I have experience in Team Building and project management using agile methodologies (DMAIC, SCRUM). I´m goal oriented and follow up of KPIs, SLAs, as well as definition of OKRs and SMART objectives. I have great analytical skills to solve complex problems by segmenting them into simpler problems using tools such as SWOT matrices or Ishikawa diagrams.
I´m constantly oriented to continuous personal improvement and implementation of disruptive and innovative methodologies and technologies.

I am trained as: 
Scrum Master y agile coaching.
Green Belt Master in process improvement through Lean and Six Sigma (LSS).
Total Quality Management ISO9001, and service management based on ISO20000-1. 
Master in project management of Big Data, ETL, digital marketing, ecommerce, SEO/SEM, Coaching and NLP. 
International MBA in business management and administration 
Design and optimisation of processes using Lean & 6Sigma (LSS) methodology.
Strategic, direct and indirect marketing.
Implementation of the ISO20000 quality system.

I bring:
PAL1 Certification from SCRUM.org
Executive International MBA Degree from the MCA Business and Postgraduate School 
PSM1 Certification from SCRUM.org 
ITIL V3 Foundation and ISO 20000 Certification 
University Degree as Green Belt in Lean & Six Sigma from the Catholic University of Ávila University Degree Master in Big Data & Business Intelligence from the University Isabel I of Castilla University Degree MBA from the University Isabel I of Castilla University 
Degree MBA from the MCA Business & Postgraduate School
